Our plan is to divide our staff windows into 2 mains windows, one for servers and one for bertenders.
The bartender will have a order window. In the order window there will be a list of all the finished orders and a list of all the undfinished ones and a square with the details of the order that you have selected (if no order has been selected that order on top of the unifinshed list will be shown). For the selected order you can click on the separate iteams when they are done (for example you can only do half the order now but have to wait for coffe to be done). When you have clicked on every single iteam in the order it will go to the finished list.If you cant finish the order on the top of the list you can just click on the next one and start on it and start finishing iteams on that order. The list of unfinished orders wont change tho and the order that came in first will always be on top untill its done so you dont forget about them and the priority they have. For the servers it will instead be a window of all the diffrent tables and some basic information about the table. If the click on a table they will get upp all the information on the table (what theyve ordered and stuff like that). There they will be able to add things to the table if customers ask them and also remove things in case there has been any mistake. For example someone ordered the wrong thing or whatever. They will also have a checkout button. They will also be able to click on some of the things theyve ordered and just checkout those in the case that the customers want to split the check or someone has to leave the table early. We also think it would be the easiest if we have 1 collective menu page that the staff and customers share so when the servers are going to add something to a table the choose from the same menu as the customers.
